# nct127
NCT 127 Website  
This project is an informational website for a K-Pop (Korean Pop) group, NCT 127. The website includes basic information about the group, the members, the albums released, and basic contact information. The member cards include a picture of the member along with their name. When you click on the image, it flips and shows another image of the member. Clicking again will flip the image back to the original image of the member. The album section includes the album cover art, the title, and the release date of all previously released NCT 127 albums. When you hover over the cover art, a play button shows. Clicking the play button leads you to the album on Spotify.  

For the requirements, I included three CSS features and one Javascript feature. The first CSS feature I included was the use of flexbox to organize the “cards” on my website. I have member cards and album cards that use flexbox to change the number of columns & rows used to display the cards depending on the screen size. The second CSS feature I included was the “:nth-child” to style the margin on the first five member cards on screens larger than 768px. The Javascript feature I included was a version of showing/hiding an element. The image on the member card flips to another image when a user clicks on the image. The image flips using an event listener and adding or removing a class name from the element that was clicked. I also used CSS to create an animation of the image flipping which was the third CSS feature I included.
